c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\Content\fonts\MarkerFelt-22.xnb
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\CocosSharpGame2.exe
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\CocosSharpGame2.pdb
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\BitMiracle.LibTiff.NET.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\box2d.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\CocosSharp.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.Net.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\box2d.pdb
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\CocosSharp.pdb
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\CocosSharp.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\Lidgren.Network.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.Net.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\bin\WindowsDX\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\obj\x86\Debug\CocosSharpGame2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\obj\x86\Debug\CocosSharpGame2.exe
c:\users\devel\onedrive\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\CocosSharpGame2\CocosSharpGame2\obj\x86\Debug\CocosSharpGame2.pdb
